feat: dump to StatefulSet in K8s when volumes are passed to Executor (#5265)
jina-ai/jina: docs/envs/index.md

| `JINA_RANDOM_PORT_MAX`          | The max port number used when selecting random ports to apply for Executors or gateway                 |
| `JINA_RANDOM_PORT_MIN`          | The min port number used when selecting random ports to apply for Executors or gateway                 |
| `JINA_LOCKS_ROOT`               | The root folder where file locks for concurrent Executor initialization                                |
| `JINA_OPTOUT_TELEMETRY`         | If set, disables telemetry                                                                             |

> | `JINA_K8S_ACCESS_MODES`         | If set, when creating a StateFulSet in Kubernetes for an Executor using volumes, controls the access mode for the PersistentVolumeClaim attached to the StatefulSet. Defaults to '["ReadWriteOnce"]'  |

Reviewer: Did you miss this or you don't agree ?

> | `JINA_K8S_ACCESS_MODES`         | If set, when creating a StateFulSet in Kubernetes for an Executor using volumes, controls the access mode for the PersistentVolumeClaim attached to the StatefulSet. Defaults to '["ReadWriteOnce"]'  |

Author: maybe I missed

> | `JINA_K8S_ACCESS_MODES`         | If set, when creating a StateFulSet in Kubernetes for an Executor using volumes, controls the access mode for the PersistentVolumeClaim attached to the StatefulSet. Defaults to '["ReadWriteOnce"]'  |

Reviewer: missed again ?
```suggestion
| `JINA_K8S_ACCESS_MODES`         | Configures the access mode for the PersistentVolumeClaim attached to the StatefulSet, when creating a StatefulSet in Kubernetes for an Executor using volumes. Defaults to '["ReadWriteOnce"]'  |
```
